(Want to get this briefing by email? Here’s the sign-up.)Good morning. Cardinal Pell will stand trial, tariff exemptions expire and President Trump gets a Nobel nod. Here’s what you need to know:• The Trump administration delayed a decision about whether to impose steel and aluminum tariffs on the European Union, Canada and Mexico for another 30 days.For its part, China says it will refuse to discuss Mr. Trump’s two toughest trade demands when U.S. officials arrive in Beijing this week. Those are a mandatory cut in America’s trade deficit and curbs on Beijing’s plan to bankroll the country’s move into advanced technologies.Washington may have to decide whether to escalate the dispute — or back down._____• A Trump Nobel?President Trump received an endorsement from President Moon Jae-in of South Korea, a country that just a few months ago was worried that Mr. Trump was pushing toward war.Mr. Trump said he’d prefer to meet Kim Jong-un, the North Korean ruler, in the Demilitarized Zone — between the North and South — but White House officials have been discussing sites as far-flung as Singapore and Mongolia. Above, Mr. Trump met with Nigeria’s president, Muhammadu Buhari, on Monday.Separately, we’ve obtained a list of questions that Robert Mueller wants to ask President Trump. They provide the most detailed look yet inside Mr. Mueller’s investigation into Russian election meddling, and the majority relate to possible obstruction of justice.And lawyers for the pornographic actress Stephanie Clifford, above, known professionally as Stormy Daniels, filed a defamation lawsuit against Mr. Trump based on statements he made on Twitter two weeks ago that questioned her credibility._____• In Kabul, Afghanistan, twin bombings killed at least 25 people, including nine journalists. It was the deadliest single attack involving journalists in the country since at least 2002.A 10th journalist, from the BBC’s Afghan service, was shot and killed in a separate attack on Monday outside Kabul. Shah Marai was well known to our reporting team, and one of our senior correspondents remembers him and his work. Above, Mr. Marai’s funeral.A branch of the Islamic State claimed responsibility._____• Israel’s prime minister, Benjamin Netanyahu, revealed a huge archive of stolen Iranian nuclear plans that dated back more than a decade, and accused Iran of lying about its nuclear aspirations.The move strengthened President Trump’s case for pulling out of the 2015 nuclear deal.And suspicion fell on Israel for strikes on Sunday on two military bases in Syria used by Iran and its proxy militias._____• Cardinal George Pell will stand trial on charges that he sexually abused multiple victims.Belinda Wallington, a Melbourne magistrate, found there was sufficient evidence for prosecutors to bring the cardinal’s case to trial. In the first half of a four-week hearing she presided over, witnesses described abuses they said took place decades ago. Details have not been made public. (Here’s our guide to why the case has been so secretive.)Lawyers for Cardinal Pell, the Vatican’s third-highest-ranking official, deny the accusations. Above, Cardinal Pell in March.• T-Mobile and Sprint need Trump administration regulators to approve their merger. One of their arguments: The blended company would help ensure that U.S. companies remain world leaders in the coming era of fifth-generation wireless tech, or 5G, rather than ceding dominance to China.• Australia’s top wealth management firm, AMP, plunged into further turmoil after its chairwoman, Catherine Brenner, resigned over revelations that the company overcharged its customers and misled regulators. Shares in the 170-year-old company have fallen about 25 percent in recent weeks, wiping out nearly $3 billion in market value.• A California restaurant chain has set off outrage over its name: Yellow Fever. Its Asian-American founders said, “We choose to embrace the term and reinterpret it positively for ourselves.”• U.S. stocks were weak. Here’s a snapshot of global markets. Hong Kong, Shanghai and the National Stock Exchange of India will be closed on May 1.• After a monthlong journey through Mexico, a caravan of Central American migrants was told at the U.S. border that immigration officials could not process their claims. President Trump has called the group a national security threat. [The New York Times]• The police in Pakistan charged a U.S. Embassy security officer with seeking to obstruct an investigation into an accident involving an embassy vehicle, further inflaming diplomatic tensions days after a U.S. military attaché was barred from leaving the country over a separate collision. [The New York Times]• “Look, the internet belongs to the Americans — but blockchain will belong to us.” That’s how one technologist remembers the explanation a Russian spy gave last year for the Kremlin’s interest in the technology and standards for virtual currencies. [The New York Times]• In Japan, a fugitive, jail-breaking thief was arrested after a 23-day manhunt that involved thousands of police officers and captivated the country. [The Asahi Shimbun]• “My culture is not your… prom dress.” An American high-school student, who is not Chinese, posted pictures of herself wearing a traditional Chinese gown to her prom, setting off an intense online dispute over “cultural appropriation.” [BBC]Tips, both new and old, for a more fulfilling life. • Make yourself aware of the more subtle symptoms of heart disease.• Your brain can trick you into trusting people, just because they sound like they know what they’re talking about.• Recipe of the day: The best chicken salad isn’t about the seasonings, it’s the texture.• The summer of ’78: Six months ago, two abandoned boxes were found with thousands of pictures taken in parks across New York City. Here’s a selection of those images, unseen for 40 years.• And two Opinion pieces of note: A comedian defends Michelle Wolf’s controversial routine at the annual dinner of the White House Correspondents’ Association.And a former C.I.A. director, Michael Hayden, sharply criticizes President Trump’s approach to intelligence and ponders the future of C.I.A. officers. “We traditionally rely on their truth-telling to protect us from our enemies,” Mr. Hayden writes. “Now we need it to save us from ourselves.”It doesn’t often happen that what you achieve at the age of 11 makes a lasting impact.But on this day in 1930, “Pluto” was suggested as the name of what was then the newly discovered ninth planet, inspired by a British schoolgirl, Venetia Burney.Shortly after “Planet X” was discovered in February of that year, Venetia’s grandfather was reading about the news over breakfast. Interested in mythology, Venetia suggested Pluto, the Roman god of the underworld.Her grandfather, a retired librarian at Oxford, sent her suggestion to a professor of astronomy at the university, who wrote back: “I think PLUTO excellent!!”The name worked on a few levels: As the most distant planet, the name of an underworld god befitted it nicely. And the planet’s first two letters matched the initials of Percival Lowell, the astronomer who initiated the search that led to Pluto.As a reward, her grandfather gave her a five-pound note, and later an asteroid was named 6235 Burney in her honor, in 1987.But she was modest about her achievement during an interview with NASA in 2006 (the same year that Pluto was demoted to a dwarf planet): “It doesn’t arise in conversation and you don’t just go around telling people that you named Pluto.”Anna Schaverien wrote today’s Back Story._____Your Morning Briefing is published weekday mornings and updated online. Sign up here to get it by email in the Australian, Asian, European or American morning. You can also receive an Evening Briefing on U.S. weeknights. And our Australia bureau chief offers a weekly letter adding analysis and conversations with readers. Browse our full range of Times newsletters here.