Welcome to Gender Letter — a weekly take on news, trends and culture by The Times’s gender editor, Jessica Bennett. Want this delivered to your inbox? Sign up here. You can also follow us on Instagram.Dear readers,In the first trial, only one of the more than 50 women with stories so similar to the case at hand was permitted to take the stand.In the first trial, the jury questioned why all these victims hadn’t spoken up sooner.In the first trial, the jury deliberated for six days — and remained deadlocked. And Bill Cosby, the once-beloved comedian charged with drugging and sexually assaulting Andrea Constand, remained free.Free to perform, in January, at a Philadelphia jazz club, where he joked about his struggles with blindness and played drums with a quartet.Now Mr. Cosby, 80, faces up to 30 years in prison.As the guilty verdict came in Thursday afternoon, with the jury convicting the actor of three felony counts, I had to remind myself: that first trial was just 11 months ago. In terms of collective consciousness, it might as well have been a lifetime.It was before #MeToo. It was before Harvey Weinstein, before Larry Nassar, before Matt Lauer, and Kevin Spacey, and Charlie Rose, and so many others whose names are less known but whose victims make up this army. It was before the spark that lit a worldwide movement; before the world seemed to be fully listening.My colleague Timothy Williams wrote on Thursday that the two trials present what social scientists might call “a natural experiment.”Because in the retrial, the jury heard from five women beyond Ms. Constand who testified about having been abused by Mr. Cosby, not just one (those incidents happened too long ago to be prosecuted).In this trial, the jury asked questions about the legal definition of consent, and were told by the judge to use common sense.“Common sense has evolved,” wrote the law professor Deborah Tuerkheimer in the hours after the verdict came in.In this trial, the verdict came on the second day of deliberations.In this trial, as Gloria Allred, the lawyer for many of the accusers, put it outside the courtroom: “Women were finally believed.”I’m thinking about that and more this week. Read on for what I’m reading, musing and raging about, as well as a couple of LOLs.Have a good weekend,Jessica______• Cliff Huxtable was Cosby’s sickest joke: Wesley Morris, culture critic at The Times, wrote in the wake of Thursday’s verdict on the complicated mental math required to process what “America’s Dad” did for many young black men like him: inspire. “In the 1980s he made the black American family seem ‘just like us,’” he writes.• Who gets a shot at redemption? Murmurs of a possible comeback for figures felled in recent months by accusatons of sexual misconduct, including the comedian Louis C.K. and the chef Mario Batali has raised the question: What does this mean for #MeToo? You can read about it in Vox, Jezebel, and The Ringer. Also in The Times, what #MeToo means to middle schoolers and teens.• What is an ‘incel’? The term used by the man accused of killing 10 people when he plowed his van into them on a Toronto street stands for “involuntary celibate.” People who identify themselves as such blame women for denying them their right to sex. Read more on the phenomenon in The Times, The Guardian, and Elle, as well as a great Twitter thread here. Jessica Valenti, the founder of Feministing, expounds on the theme in her New York Times Op-Ed, When Misogynists Become Terrorists.• Corner office parity? A new study finds that there may be no pay gap between male and female CEOs of publicly traded companies. Which seems like great news, until you remember that there are more men named “James” than there are women overall among Fortune 500 executives (more on this below). .• Census DTR. For the first time ever, the 2020 U.S. Census will ask about same-sex relationships. According to Pew, the responses for “husband or wife” and “unmarried partner” will be broken out into “opposite-sex” and “same-sex” options.• Cryptocurrency isn’t just for tech bros. Meet nine women who are changing the blockchain game, courtesy of Glamour.• N.F.L. cheerleader truce? They’ve offered to settle for $1 and a “good faith” meeting with N.F.L. Commissioner Roger Goodell.• The only woman who has “it all.” Yes, she exists! “I have two kids and the unspoken pressure to act like they don’t exist when I’m on a conference call. I have a professional mandate to know what’s happening in pop culture and an 11-year-old who tells me to ‘stop trying to act so cool.’” ICYMI, this is a lovely little LOL from The New Yorker’s Shouts & Murmers.______JAMESFewer Fortune 500 executives are women than men with this name.JOHNFewer Republican senators (as well as Democratic governors) are women than men with this name.MICHAELFewer top-grossing film directors are women than men with this name (along with the name James).Read the article in The Upshot.____Since 1851, the vast majority of obituaries in The New York Times have been about men. Last month, we began a series called Overlooked in which we are writing the obituaries for important and interesting women who never got them. This week, we remember Maria Bochkareva, a Russian army officer who led an all-female unit into battle during World War I.______Say, hypothetically, Billie Jean King and Bobby Riggs were lunching at a restaurant. To whom would you present the check? What if a doctor and her husband were invited to a holiday party. Should they be addressed as Dr. and Mrs.?These are the questions the witty Lois Guild presented in this 1973 article, about manners for “liberated persons” (that’s you, right?), which we dug out of The New York Times archives. The author noted that in the personal manners category, she would indeed give up her seat on the subway to a man with a baby — unless he called her an “authoress.”______