Sarah Green and Hugo Hamilton Mark Burnham met in July 2015 at a breakfast in Gloucester arranged by a mutual friend at which Ms. Green and Mr. Burnham realized that despite living in the same small fishing community for years, their lines had never crossed.“I was on the road half the time with my job, and Hugo was busy being a dad,” Ms. Green said. “I would leave Gloucester for months at a time to set up shop wherever I was making a film, but the town was always my anchor, with the ocean and the great rocks and my old friends, it was a much more sustaining place for me than New York or Los Angeles.”Mr. Burnham, who is twice divorced — “I had a 15-minute rock-and roll marriage and a second marriage that lasted 20 years” — and whose daughter is now 15, recalled meeting Ms. Green and feeling an instant connection.“I liked her right away,” he said. “I had no idea what she did for a living, and even though she was this big filmmaker, she didn’t start spraying that around and talking about herself, she just kind of sat there taking in the conversation, which came so easy for the two of us.”Indeed, Ms. Green, who had previously been involved in two long-term relationships but had never married, said she felt “an immediate kinship that I had never felt before.”“Hugo was talking about his daughter, and said that there were two qualities that he felt she embodied which made him feel like a success as a parent, kindness and empathy,” she said. “He had me at kindness.”A week later, Ms. Green joined Mr. Burnham at a nightclub in Gloucester where he served as the D.J. for the evening. “I sat behind the D.J. table and had a lot of fun,” she said. “I remember telling Hugo that night that I thought he was cute.”They were soon dating steadily.Read more.Dr. Laura Natalie Brenner and Seamus Rory Dromey were married June 15 at Rosecliff Mansion in Newport, R.I. J. Michael Egan, a Universal Life minister, officiated.Dr. Brenner, 35, is a pulmonologist and critical care doctor at Massachusetts General Hospital in Boston. She graduated from Yale and received a medical degree from Columbia.She is the daughter of Jill A. Silverman of New York and David A. Brenner of La Jolla, Calif. The bride’s father, a gastroenterologist, is the vice chancellor of health sciences and a distinguished professor of medicine at the University of California, San Diego. Her mother, an internist and rheumatologist, is part of New York Physicians, a group practice. She works at NewYork-Presbyterian Hospital at Columbia, where she is also an associate clinical professor of medicine.Mr. Dromey, also 35, is a group leader of quantitative model management at Fidelity Investments in Boston. He graduated from the University of Cork in Ireland and received a master’s degree in finance from Brandeis. He is also a chartered financial analyst.He is a son of Margaret Dromey and Patrick C. Dromey of Kilmichael, Ireland. The groom’s mother is a safety administration manager at the Electricity Supply Board in Cork, from which his father retired as a strategic accounts manager.The couple met in 2012 through OkCupid.Jasmine Qingni Bernstein Yin and Richard Li were married June 15 at the Manhattan Marriage Bureau. Joey Tai, a staff member of the New York City Clerk’s Office, officiated.The bride and groom met at Columbia, where she is a fourth-year student in a joint program of Columbia and the Jewish Theological Seminary and from which he graduated.Ms. Bernstein Yin, 22, is the daughter of Min Bernstein Wang and Fu Hui Yin, both of Shanghai. The bride’s father is a senior director for the Shanghai Municipal Education Commission. Her mother is an education consultant, helping middle and high school children apply to private schools in China.Mr. Li, also 22, is a horticulture intern at the Central Park Conservancy, and works on landscape management and ecological restoration projects. He is the son of Min Xu and Feng Li, both of Forest Hills, Queens. The groom’s mother is a librarian at the Metropolitan Museum of Art’s Thomas J. Watson Library in Manhattan. His father is a professor of early Chinese history and archaeology at Columbia. The groom’s maternal great-grandfather was Xu Shichang, the president of the Republic of China from 1918-22.Ms. Bernstein Yin and Mr. Li met on campus two years ago at the C. V. Starr East Asian Library, where Mr. Li worked as a student assistant at the checkout desk and Ms. Bernstein Yin was a regular visitor. “I don’t find myself so interested in the social scene of college, just going to parties and drinking all night long,” Ms. Bernstein Yin said. “I enjoy reading more.”Rebecca Gwen Fortgang and Gordon Thomas Kraft-Todd were married June 16 in Battell Chapel at Yale. Dr. Peter Salovey, Yale’s president and a Connecticut justice of the peace, officiated.The bride and groom are both studying at Yale, where she is a candidate for a Ph.D. in psychology and he is pursuing a doctoral degree in the subject. They each also hold both a Master of Science and a Master of Philosophy in psychology from the university. The bride is also a psychology fellow for the Yale School of Medicine at the Connecticut Mental Health Center in New Haven.Ms. Fortgang, 30, graduated from Cornell. She is the daughter of Roberta Cole Fortgang and Jeffrey Fortgang of Newton, Mass. The bride’s father is a clinical psychologist in Boston. Her mother is a clinical social worker in Newton.Mr. Kraft-Todd, 33, graduated from Harvard. He is the son of Dr. Mary Kraft of Long Meadow, Mass., and the late Dr. Donald P. Todd. The groom’s mother, an anesthesiologist, works for Springfield Anesthesia Services in Springfield, Mass. The groom’s father, who was also an anesthesiologist, worked at Massachusetts General in Boston and was a Navy lieutenant who served in the medical corps in Honolulu during World War II. The groom is the stepson of Dr. Jeffrey L. Kaufman, a vascular surgeon at Bay State Hospital in Long Meadow.The couple met in January 2013 at a psychology conference in New Orleans. Though both were living in different cities and in relationships with other people, their friendship persisted and by December, they both found themselves at a mutual friend’s holiday party, single, living in New Haven, and, by the end of the evening, dating.Julie Rebecca Forman and Martin William Gehres were married June 16 by Rabbi Jake Rubin at Early Mountain Vineyards in Madison, Va.The couple, both 28, met at Ohio University, from which they graduated.Ms. Forman teaches English as a second language at Concord Elementary School in Troy, Ohio; she received a master’s degree in the subject from the University of Cincinnati.She is the daughter of Karen Eisenberg Forman and David S. Forman of Rockville, Md. The bride’s father is an assignment manager for NBC News in Washington. Her mother is a senior technology project manager at Discovery Communications in Silver Spring, Md.Mr. Gehres is an assistant city attorney for Dayton, Ohio. He received a law degree cum laude from the University of Dayton.He is a son of Virginia M. Platt and Daniel G. Gehres of Dayton. The groom’s mother retired as an assistant prosecutor for Montgomery County in Dayton, where his father presides as a judge over a municipal court.Alexandra Marie McDonough and Max Harris Bandier were married June 14 by Barbara Kapnick, a judge of the Appellate Division of the Supreme Court, at the First Judicial Department in New York.The bride, 28, and groom, 29, met at the University of Pennsylvania, from which each graduated magna cum laude.In August, Mrs. Bandier will begin a dietetic residency at Children’s Hospital Los Angeles. She also received a Master of Science in nutrition from Columbia.She is the daughter of Christine C. McDonough and John J. McDonough of Dix Hills, N.Y. The bride’s father is the vice chairman of commercial litigation at the New York law firm Cozen O’Connor. Her mother retired as a special-education teacher at Seneca Middle School in Sachem, N.Y.Mr. Bandier is the director of strategic marketing and artist and repertoire at Sony/ATV Music Publishing in New York, of which his father, Martin Bandier, is the chairman and the chief executive. The groom is also a founder of Three Point Nine, a music production company in New York and Los Angeles. He received a law degree from N.Y.U.He is the son of Dorothy Harris Bandier and Mr. Bandier of New York. The groom’s father also founded the Bandier Program at Syracuse University’s S. I. Newhouse School of Public Communication. The groom’s mother retired as a fashion model with the Ford Agency in New York.Sara Gabriela Allen and Andrew Michael Morrison were married June 16. The Rev. Kristen R. Barner, a United Church of Christ minister, officiated at the Biltmore Estate winery in Asheville, N.C.Ms. Allen, 40, is known as Gabriela. She is a marketing director in the optical communications division, in Hickory, N.C., of Corning, the specialty glass and ceramics manufacturer. She graduated from Williams College, received a master’s degree in decorative arts history and material culture from Bard College, and also received an M.B.A. from Duke.She is the daughter of Isabel Cordon Allen and Robert F. Allen of Beaufort, S.C. The bride’s father retired as an optometrist in private practice in Henderson, N.C. Her mother managed the practice.Mr. Morrison, 43, is a captain for Southern Airways Express, a commuter airline based in Hernando, Miss. He retired as a lieutenant commander from the Navy, having completed deployments from the U.S.S. John C. Stennis and U.S.S. Theodore Roosevelt, and ground deployments in Qatar, Okinawa, Japan and Djibouti.He graduated from the United States Naval Academy and received both an M.B.A. and a master’s degree in finance from Indiana University.He is the son of Annemarie Dildine Morrison and William T. Morrison of Asheboro, N.C. The groom’s mother retired as an administrative assistant to the dean of the nursing school at the University of North Carolina at Greensboro. His father retired as an information technology technician at U.N.C. Greensboro.The couple met on the dating app Bumble in 2016, in Charlotte.The groom’s previous marriage ended in divorce.Mary Digan Dwyer and Nicolas Andrew Martell were married June 16. The Rev. Janet M. Cooper Nelson, a minister of the United Church of Christ and the chaplain at Brown, performed the ceremony at the Siasconset Union Chapel on the island of Nantucket, in Massachusetts.Mrs. Martell, 30, is known as Molly. She is a brand strategist and copywriter at Red Antler, a Brooklyn company that helps start-ups develop their brands. She graduated from Middlebury College.She is a daughter of Marjorie Digan Dwyer and Matthew P. Dwyer Jr. of Boston. The bride’s father is a partner in the Roseview Group, a commercial real estate firm in Boston. He was also a founding owner of the Boston Cannons, a Major League Lacrosse team. Her mother is a volunteer college adviser and mentor at Cristo Rey High School, a Roman Catholic high school in Boston.Mr. Martell, also 30, is a founder and a chief executive of MarketSnacks, a media company in New York that publishes a daily email newsletter with financial and business news, and also hosts a podcast, both directed at millennials. He is also studying in the M.B.A. program at the University of Pennsylvania. He graduated from Brown.He is the son of Alice Fried Martell and Michael L. Martell of New York. The groom’s mother is the founder and chief executive of the Martell Agency, a literary agency in New York. His father is a partner in Morrison Cohen, a New York law firm.The couple met in 2007, at Middlebury, which Mr. Martell attended before transferring to Brown, though the couple did not begin dating until 2009, when they were living on campuses 237 miles apart.Sarah Elizabeth Bingol and Siddhartha Pailla were married June 16 at Highland, the former residence of President James Monroe, in Charlottesville, Va. Dave Norris, a former mayor of Charlottesville, officiated, followed by an exchange of vows led by Katie K. McKee, a friend of the couple.The bride and groom met at the University of Virginia, from which they graduated. The groom also received an M.B.A. and a master’s degree in systems engineering from the university, where he is now a Ph.D. candidate in the subject.Mrs. Pailla, 27, will continue to use her name professionally. She works in McLean, Va., as an executive communications manager for Hilton’s chief executive.She is a daughter of Julie Fitzgerald Bingol and M. Selim Bingol of Charlotte, N.C. The bride’s father is the chief communications officer and a senior vice president at Duke Energy in Charlotte. Her mother sits on the board of the Belmont Rowing Center in Belmont, N.C.Mr. Pailla, 30, is a systems engineer. He works as a strategy manager in the Arlington, Va., office of Accenture, the management consultancy. He is also the founder of HiComm, a service that enables phones without data capability to send group texts over long distances in order to connect underserved communities with social networks and organizations.He is the son of Sukanya Reddy Pailla and Rajireddy Pailla of Herndon, Va. The groom’s parents are software engineers in Virginia, she at SNAP, an information technology company in Chantilly, he at General Dynamics Information Technology in Fairfax.Amy Josephine Graham and Jeffrey Young Grappone were married June 16 at Christ Church Georgetown in Washington. The Rev. Timothy A. R. Cole, an Episcopal priest, performed the ceremony.Mrs. Grappone, 32, is the director of communications for Senator Todd Young, Republican of Indiana, in Washington. She graduated from Florida State University in Tallahassee, from which she also received a master’s degree in American politics and policy.She is the daughter of Carol A. Graham and Neil K. Graham of Port St. Lucie, Fla. The bride’s mother is a clinical manager for Kindred Home Health in Port St. Lucie. Her father retired as a store manager at a Walgreens in Vero Beach, Fla.Mr. Grappone, 38, is the assistant labor secretary for public affairs at the Labor Department in Washington. He graduated from Georgetown.He is a son of Marguerite A. Grappone and David A. Grappone of Concord, N.H. The groom’s father is a commercial real estate agent for Keller Williams Realty in Bedford, N.H. His mother retired as a teacher’s aid for the Concord School District.The couple met at a 2012 vice-presidential debate in Danville, Ky.Orly Tamar May and Zev Michael Karlin-Neumann are to be married June 17 at the Stone Tower Winery in Leesburg, Va. Rabbi Patricia S. Karlin-Neumann, the groom’s mother, is to officiate.Ms. May, 29, is an associate at Relman, Dane & Colfax, a civil rights litigation firm in Washington. She graduated cum laude from the University of Pennsylvania, and received a law degree with honors from George Washington University.She is a daughter of Belly Aliphas May and Ernesto May of Potomac, Md. The bride’s father retired as the director of Poverty Reduction and Economic Management for the South Asia Region of the World Bank in Washington. Her mother is an independent investment manager in Potomac.Mr. Karlin-Neumann, also 29, is the speechwriter for Senator Kamala D. Harris, Democrat of California. Until 2017, he was a National Security Council speechwriter for Susan E. Rice, who was the national security adviser, and President Barack Obama. He graduated with distinction from Stanford.He is the son of Rabbi Karlin-Neumann and George A. Karlin-Neumann of Palo Alto, Calif. The groom’s mother is the senior associate dean for religious life at Stanford. She is a chairwoman of the Joint Commission on Mentoring of the Central Conference of American Rabbis and Hebrew Union College-Jewish Institute of Religion in New York. His father is the director of scientific affairs of the Digital Biology Center in Pleasanton, Calif., which is part of Bio-Rad Laboratories in Hercules, Calif.The couple met in October 2014 on JSwipe, a dating app. A week later they had their first date at Smoke & Barrel in Washington, where they had vegan chicken wings and pumpkin beer, and bonded over being vegetarians, their Jewish day school backgrounds and their love of the outdoors.Brittany Danielle Jones and Stanley Ifeanyi Onyimba were married June 16 at the Bently Reserve in San Francisco. Kevin Cooke, a senior Christian pastor at Reality Church San Francisco, officiated.Mrs. Onyimba, 32, is an in-house corporate counsel at Autodesk in San Francisco, a software company that makes software for the architecture, engineering, construction, manufacturing, media and entertainment industries. She graduated from the University of Pennsylvania and received a law degree from N.Y.U.She is the daughter of Cheryl S. Ali-Kirton of Newtown, Pa., and Glenn R. Jones of Robbinsville, N.J. The bride’s father is the general counsel for William Paterson University. Her mother is the director for annual giving for the Princeton Theological Seminary. The bride is the stepdaughter of Darnley D. Kirton.Mr. Onyimba, 29, is a project manager at Google in Mountain View, Calif. He graduated from Carnegie Mellon University.He is a son of Patricia Onyimba and Dr. Fidelis Onyimba of Columbia, Md. The groom’s mother is a branch chief for the Food and Drug Administration in Columbia. His father is a pharmacist, also in Columbia.The couple met in December 2014 at a mutual friend’s party in Manhattan.Marietta Yates Johnston and James Davis Morris Jr. were married June 16. The Rev. Neil W. Dunnavant, a Presbyterian minister, performed the ceremony at the Duke Chapel in Durham, N.C.The couple met at Duke, from which they graduated.The bride, 27, received an M.B.A. from the University of Pennsylvania in May, and is to become an associate in the Atlanta office of McKinsey & Company, the consulting firm, in September.She is a daughter of Elizabeth Edmunds Johnston of McLean, Va., and the late Hooks K. Johnston III. The bride is a paternal descendant of Pocahontas, the Native-American woman associated with the colonial settlement at Jamestown.Mr. Morris, 28, is a senior consultant in the McLean office of Deloitte, the consulting company. He received an M.B.A. from the University of Virginia.He is a son of Laurie Johns Morris and Mr. Morris of Greensboro, N.C.Lindsay Rachel Chura and Matthew Craig Mandelberg are to be married June 17 in Warrenton, Va. Rabbi Shira Stutman is to officiate at Airlie, a hotel and conference center.The bride, 33, works in Washington as the chief scientific officer for the Global Council on Brain Health, which was created by AARP in collaboration with Age UK, a charity for older people. She graduated cum laude from Mount Holyoke and received a Ph.D. in psychiatry from the University of Cambridge, where, as a Gates Cambridge Scholar, she performed research that used neuroimaging techniques to investigate brain structure and function in children with autism.She is the daughter of Susan K. Chura and Daniel K. Chura of Slingerlands, N.Y. The bride’s father retired as a district manager of sales for Brasseler USA, a dental equipment company. Her mother retired as a second-grade teacher at Waterford Halfmoon Elementary in Waterford, N.Y.The groom, 34, is a trial lawyer in the antitrust division of the Justice Department in Washington. He is also an adjunct professor of legal research analysis and writing at Georgetown. He graduated cum laude from Columbia and received a Master of Public Affairs from Princeton and a law degree from Stanford.He is a son of Risa F. Mandelberg and Dr. Alan I. Mandelberg of Encino, Calif. The groom’s mother, now retired, owned the Paperdoll Company in Encino, which designed and manufactured paper-cut greeting cards. His father, an ophthalmologist, practices in Burbank, Calif., and is an associate professor of ophthalmology at the Los Angeles County/USC Medical Center, where he teaches cataract and corneal surgery.The couple met in 2016 at a Shabbat dinner given by the young professionals group at Adas Israel Congregation in Washington.Dr. Allison Liao Yang and John Victor Murphy-Teixidor were married June 16 at Corpus Christi Roman Catholic Church in New York. Msgr. John N. Paddack performed the ceremony.The bride and groom met at Columbia, from which each graduated and from which the groom also received a master’s degree in computer science.Dr. Yang, 31, is a fellow in gastroenterology at Brigham and Women’s Hospital in Boston. She received a medical degree from the University of Illinois in Chicago.She is a daughter of Dr. Jie Liao and Dr. Guang-Yu Yang of Chicago. The bride’s father works in Chicago as the chief of anatomic pathology at Northwestern Memorial Hospital and as a research professor of pathology and toxicology, as well as the vice chairman of pathology, at Northwestern University’s Feinberg School of Medicine. Her mother is a research associate professor of pathology, also at Northwestern.Mr. Murphy-Teixidor, 29, is a senior producer for the international network of CNN; he works in the New York bureau.The groom is the son of Montserrat Teixidor Bigas and Anthony J. Murphy of Stoneham, Mass.The groom’s mother is a professor of mathematics and an adjunct professor of education at Tufts University in Medford, Mass., and she is also the principal investigator at Tufts University’s Poincaré Institute, which provides teacher training in mathematics. His father is a managing director of the Promontory Financial Group, an advisory consultancy in New York on regulatory issues.Alexandra Kelly Jenik and Jared Hewitt Dick were married June 16 at the Basilica of St. Patrick’s Old Cathedral in Manhattan. Bishop John Jenik, a Roman Catholic priest and an uncle of the bride, performed the ceremony.Ms. Jenik, 31, is an assistant district attorney in the Bronx district attorney’s office. She graduated from Hamilton College and received a law degree from Catholic University in Washington.She is the daughter of Jane Nash Holland and the late Thomas M. Jenik. The bride’s mother, a social worker, retired from the New York City Administration for Children’s Services and is now an independent consultant to New Alternatives for Children, a nonprofit that provides support to families caring for children with special needs. The bride’s father retired as a parole supervisor for the State of New York in Manhattan and was a supervisor of the Stuyvesant Town/Peter Cooper Village recreation department there.Mr. Dick, 29, works in Manhattan as a senior associate in the major projects advisory practice of KPMG, the accounting firm. He graduated from Lehigh University and is to begin pursuing an M.B.A. from Columbia in August.He is a son of Lisa Hewitt Dick and Michael H. Dick of Cohasset, Mass. The groom’s mother, a lawyer, is general counsel to the Committee for Public Counsel Services in Boston. His father is a senior manager of business readiness at Fidelity Investments in Merrimack, N.H.The couple met in 2013 at Penn Social, a bar in Washington.Jonique Aingeal Hewitt and Seth Ramjit Narine were married June 16 at St. Raymond and St. Leo the Great Church in New Orleans. Jesse A. Watley, a Roman Catholic deacon, performed the ceremony.Mrs. Narine, 36, is a creative director at RODE, a branding agency in Manhattan that specializes in luxury real estate. She graduated from Louisiana State University and received a certificate in art direction at the Creative Circus, a creative portfolio school in Atlanta.She is a daughter of Carolyn J. Hewitt and Lonnie Hewitt Jr. of New Orleans. The bride’s father is a partner and the president of Hewitt-Washington & Associates, an architectural firm in New Orleans. Her mother retired as a special-needs teacher with the Jefferson Parish school system in Metaire, La.Mr. Narine, 37, is an associate director of the affiliation and budget office in the finance department at New York City Health and Hospitals/Bellevue. He graduated cum laude from Long Island University’s Brooklyn Campus, and is currently a candidate for a Master of Public Administration degree at N.Y.U.He is the son of Jacqueline Narine and Peter Narine of Brooklyn. The groom’s mother retired as a director of clinical operations at New York City Health and Hospitals in Manhattan. His father retired as an advertising executive at Macy’s, also in Manhattan.The couple met in 2014 at a Halloween party in Manhattan.Ashley Rebecca Parker and Michael Charles Bender were married June 16 at their home in Washington. Justine Parker, the bride’s sister who became a Universal Life minister for the event, officiated.The bride, 35, and groom, 40, are Washington-based reporters covering the White House, she for The Washington Post and he for The Wall Street Journal.The bride was part of the Post team that received a Pulitzer Prize for its coverage of Russian interference in the 2016 presidential election. Until 2016, the bride was a reporter for The New York Times. She graduated summa cum laude from the University of Pennsylvania.She is a daughter of Betty A. Parker and Bruce J. Parker of Bethesda, Md. The bride’s father retired as the president and chief executive of Environmental Industries Association, a trade association in Washington. Her mother works as a gardener and pruner in the Washington area.The groom graduated from Ohio State University. He is the son of Elisa A. Bender of Strongsville, Ohio, and Michael W. Bender of Baltimore. The groom’s mother is a manager at Malley’s Chocolates in Strongsville. His father is a certified public accountant and partner at RSM, an audit, tax and consulting firm in Baltimore.The couple met in 2015 while covering national politics but did not start dating until 2017.The groom’s first marriage ended in divorce.Rebecca Garland and Alexander Newman Tanner were married June 16. Rabbi Brian D. Field officiated at the St. Vrain, an events space in Longmont, Colo. The bride’s father, Judge Merrick B. Garland, took part in the ceremony, giving a tribute to the couple.Ms. Garland, 27, is to begin as a clinic manager in Boston for DaVita, the dialysis provider in September. She graduated cum laude from Yale and received an M.B.A. from Harvard in May.She is also a daughter of Lynn Rosenman Garland, who lives with the bride’s father in Bethesda, Md. The bride’s father is the chief judge of the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit, in Washington. Her mother advises government and nonprofit groups on voting systems security and accuracy issues.Mr. Tanner, 27, is known as Xan. He is a founder and the president of Panorama Education, an analytical software and services company in Boston. He also graduated from Yale.He is a son of Catherine M. Allegra and James M. Tanner of Boulder, Colo. The groom’s mother is a managing director, in Boulder, for IHS Markit, a British financial technology company, and is a trustee of Bryn Mawr College. His father is the founder and president, also in Boulder, of Just Good Advice, a company that automates advice for individual investors.The couple first met in 2003 at summer camp in Estes Park, Colo., when they were 13, and reconnected at the end of their first year in college when they bumped into each other on campus and Mr. Tanner recognized Ms. Garland.Madeline Marianna Long and Joshua Aaron Weinstein were married June 16 at Holy Trinity Catholic Church in Washington. The Rev. C. Kevin Gillespie, a Roman Catholic priest, performed the ceremony. Later that day, the couple took part in a Jewish ceremony, led by Rabbi Deborah Reichmann, at the Fairmont Hotel in Washington.The bride, 35, is the communications director for the Steppenwolf Theater Company in Chicago. She graduated from Boston College.She is the daughter of Susan Long and G. Thomas Long of Arlington, Va. The bride’s father retired as the vice president for government relations in Washington at Actavis Pharmaceuticals. Her mother was the director of public affairs for Family and Children Programs at Health and Human Services in Washington. She also taught writing at Marymount and Trinity Universities.The groom, 41, is the director of marketing automation strategy in Chicago for Gallagher, an insurance company there. He is also a screenwriter, playwright and director. He graduated from Bradley University and received an M.F.A. in playwriting from the University of Arkansas.He is the son of Rhonda Weinstein and Kenneth Weinstein of Rockville, Md. The groom’s mother is a geriatric care manager at Aging Network Services in Bethesda. His father is an architect in Washington.The couple met in August 2006 when the bride auditioned for a play that the groom was directing.Alexandra Leigh Winokur and Michael Francis Dowd were married June 16 at the Hay-Adams Hotel in Washington. Franklin S. Winokur, the bride’s brother, received authorization from the District of Columbia Superior Court to officiate.Ms. Winokur, 40, is the group vice president for North American retail at Tiffany & Company in New York. She graduated magna cum laude from Duke.She is a daughter of Rita L. Winokur and Laurence E. Winokur of Bloomfield Hills, Mich. The bride’s father retired as a member of Dickinson Wright, a law firm in Troy, Mich., and is now an owner of Urban Campus Communities, a Bloomfield Hills developer and manager of student housing.Mr. Dowd, 46, is the director of the tennis program at Cardinal Hill Swim and Racquet Club in Vienna, Va. He graduated from George Washington University.He is the son of Jone Dowd and Martin M. Dowd of Burtonsville, Md. The groom’s mother retired as the senior associate director of athletics at Catholic University of America in Washington. His father retired as the men’s tennis coach at Catholic University, and had been the head of the art department at the Armed Forces Institute of Pathology, which was on the campus of the Walter Reed Army Medical Center in Washington.The couple met in 2013, in New York, through mutual friends.Rebecca Steiner Weintraub and Evan Joshua Preminger were married June 16 at the Museum of the City of New York. Cantor Robert Abelson officiated.Ms. Weintraub, 28, is an account supervisor at Wachsman PR, a public relations firm focusing on blockchain and cryptocurrency organizations, in New York. She graduated from Trinity College in Hartford and received a Master of Public Administration from Baruch College.She is the daughter of Sarah K. Steiner and Robert B. Weintraub, both of whom live and work in New York. The bride’s father is a lawyer in private practice. Her mother is an election lawyer, also in private practice.Mr. Preminger, also 28, is an associate at Greenberg Traurig, a law firm in New York. He graduated from Cornell, and received a law degree from Columbia.He is the son of Dr. Michele Karver Preminger and Dr. Mark W. Preminger of Ridgewood, N.J. The groom’s mother is a reproductive psychiatrist in private practice in Ho-Ho-Kus, N.J. She is on the board of Partnership for Maternal and Child Health of Northern New Jersey in Newark. His father, a cardiac electrophysiologist, is the director of implantable cardiac devices at the Valley Health System, practicing in New Jersey and New York.The groom is the grandson of the late Otto Preminger, the theater and film director whose movies include “Laura” and “Exodus” and of Hope Bryce Preminger, a former fashion model and movie costume designer, who lives in New York.Mr. Preminger first noticed Ms. Weintraub — particularly her piercing green eyes and her blue dress — in February 2016 from across the room at a New York League of Conservation Voters event in SoHo. (They are each members of the emerging leaders steering committee.) But, it wasn’t until April that they had a conversation at a smaller, more intimate cocktail party given by the same group. They each called their parents that evening telling them about the amazing person they had met. A few days later Ms. Weintraub drafted a short note asking him out for drinks, and within a few minutes he responded “absolutely.”Alana Eve Berman-Gnivecki and Martin Moritz Solomon are to be married June 17 in Sheffield, Mass. Aurora M. Katz, a rabbinical student and cousin of the groom who received permission from Massachusetts to solemnize the marriage, is to officiate at the home of Edith Cooper and Jed Horowitz, also cousins of the groom.The bride and groom both work at Kolbo Fine Judaica Gallery in Brookline, Mass. She is the gallery manager and he is the e-commerce manager.Ms. Berman-Gnivecki, 29, graduated from Emory and received a master’s degree in elementary education from Boston University.She is the daughter of Mary Jane Berman and Perry L. Gnivecki of Oxford, Ohio. The bride’s mother is an associate professor of anthropology at Miami University of Ohio, specializing in archaeology and museum anthropology of the Caribbean. The bride’s father is a lecturer in anthropology at Miami University, specializing in the study and research of the Lucayans, the original inhabitants of the Bahamas and the first inhabitants of the Americas encountered by Christopher Columbus. Together, they coordinate a field school in the Bahamas where students learn archaeology while conducting research on the Lucayans.Mr. Solomon, 30, graduated cum laude from Tufts.He is the son of Dr. Judith F. Katz and Dr. Dean Solomon of Watertown, Mass. The groom’s mother retired as an assistant professor of radiology at Tufts University Medical School and the chief of ultrasound at Tufts Medical Center, both in Boston. His father, a psychiatrist and psychoanalyst, is a founding partner in Southeastern Psychiatric Associates, which has offices in Cambridge, Mass., in Randolph, Mass., and the Dorchester section of Boston.The couple met in 2014, when a mutual friend who thought they should meet took them out on two chaperoned pizza dates in Brookline.Elizabeth Rose Gwin and Michael Bernard Firestone were married June 16 at the Country Club in Brookline, Mass. The groom’s twin sister, Emma Firestone, received permission from Massachusetts to officiate.The bride, who is 34 and known as Betsy, is the associate director of the Veterans Legal Clinic at the Legal Services Center of Harvard Law School, where she was recently appointed as a lecturer on law. She graduated summa cum laude from Syracuse and received a law degree from Georgetown. She is also a member of the Emerging Leaders Board of the Boston Health Care for the Homeless Program.She is a daughter of Donna M. Gwin and Robert L. Gwin of Knox, N.Y. The bride’s father, who worked in Albany, retired as a civil engineer for the New York State Transportation Department. Her mother is a retired librarian in the Albany public school system.The groom, also 34, is an assistant attorney general and chief of staff to Maura Healey, the Massachusetts attorney general. He previously served as Ms. Healey’s campaign manager and as field director for the 2012 campaign of Senator Elizabeth Warren. He graduated from Harvard, from which he also received a law degree.He is a son of Karen Firestone and David Firestone of Brookline. The groom’s mother is the chairman and chief executive of Aureus Asset Management, a wealth management firm in Boston. She is also an on-air CNBC contributor. His father is president of Firestone & Parson, a fine jewelry and antiques business based in Boston.The couple were introduced by mutual friends in Boston during winter 2016.Sarah Valentine Fort and Eric Joshua Powell were married June 16 at the Port Discovery Children’s Museum in Baltimore. F. Dennis Saylor IV, a United States district court judge with chambers in Boston and for whom the bride clerked, officiated.The couple met at Harvard, from which the groom graduated magna cum laude and each received a law degree, the bride cum laude.The bride, 34, is a staff lawyer on the Natural Resources Defense Council’s litigation team in Washington. She graduated magna cum laude from Brown. She is the daughter of Betty Ann Fort of Readington, N.J., and David B. Fort of New Bern, N.C. The bride’s father retired as a municipal administrator in Bridgeton, N.C., and as a vice division commander in the United States Coast Guard Auxiliary. Her mother is the deputy mayor of Readington.The groom, 36, is a director of operations with Amazon Logistics in Baltimore and Seattle. He was previously an officer in the Navy, last serving on the U.S.S. Nimitz aircraft carrier in 2009.He is a son of Judith B. Powell and Kenneth L. Powell of West Orange, N.J. The groom’s mother is a retired special education teacher in the Montclair Public Schools system in Montclair, N.J. His father is a retired certified public accountant and partner in Berdon, an accounting and advisory firm in New York.Katharine Simpson Ettinger and William Menzie Navarre were married June 16 at the Metropolitan Club in New York. The Rev. Robert M. Pennoyer II, an Episcopal priest, officiated.Mrs. Navarre, 30, known as Kaki, is the senior manager for research and development of the Disney/ABC Television Group in Los Angeles. She graduated from Yale and received an M.B.A. with distinction from Harvard.She is the daughter of Linda A. Simpson and John R. Ettinger. Her parents, who are retired, were partners in the international law firm Davis Polk & Wardwell in New York. The bride’s father was the managing partner from 1999 to 2011.Mr. Navarre, 31, leads business development for the comedian Conan O’Brien’s multiplatform media company, Team Coco, in Los Angeles. He graduated from Wake Forest, and received an M.B.A. from the University of Pennsylvania.He is a son of Pamela M. Navarre and Carl A. Navarre Jr. The groom’s mother is a librarian at St. Bernard’s School, an all-boys independent private elementary school in New York. His father retired as the chief executive of MyPublisher.com, a digital photography company, of which he is the founder.The couple grew up five blocks apart on New York’s Upper East Side, but did not meet until summer 2014 in Los Angeles while at a party hosted by mutual friends.Kelly Anne McKenna and John Emory McRaven were married June 16 at St. Olaf, Patron of Norway Roman Catholic Church, in Williamsburg, Va. The Rev. Mark F. DeMott performed the ceremony.Mrs. McRaven, 29, is a strategic consultant in New York for IBM, where she advises on corporate brand marketing with a focus on social media. She is also the president of the University of Notre Dame Club of New York, which is an association for alumni and their families. She graduated from Notre Dame.She is the daughter of Margaret W. McKenna and Thomas J. McKenna of Williamsburg. Both retired as career counselors from private outplacement practice in Albany.Mr. McRaven, 36, leads a development team in New York for Palantir Technologies, a software and services company that specializes in big data analysis. He graduated and received a master’s degree in electrical engineering from Notre Dame, and received a doctoral degree in physics from the University of California, Davis.He is a son of Georgeann B. McRaven and William H. McRaven of Austin, Tex. The groom’s mother is a director of the Special Operations Warrior Foundation, which provides support to the families of Special Forces members who die or are injured in the line of duty. She is also the sponsor for the U.S.S. Ralph Johnson, a Naval destroyer that she will follow throughout its service. His father retired in May as the chancellor of the University of Texas system, and is the author of “Make Your Bed: Little Things That Can Change Your Life … And Maybe the World,” (Grand Central Publishing, 2017). He spent his career in the Navy, achieving the rank of admiral and last serving in Tampa, Fla., as the commander of special operations.The couple met in 2014, when a mutual friend introduced them on the way to a Jets football game. Mr. McRaven was visiting from California at the time, and he says he was on his way over to introduce himself to Ms. McKenna anyway, as she was wearing a Notre Dame jersey.Amanda Jill Ratner and Nicholas David Wood were married June 15. Peter M. Boruchowitz, a Universal Life minister, officiated at the Brooklyn Botanic Garden.Ms. Ratner, 28, is an associate at NexPhase Capital, a private investment firm in Manhattan. She graduated from Vanderbilt.She is a daughter of Dr. Marjorie J. van de Stouwe and Dr. Scott J. Ratner of Upper Brookville, N.Y. The bride’s father is a cardiologist in private practice in Franklin Square, N.Y. Her mother is a rheumatologist in private practice in Valley Stream, N.Y.Mr. Wood, 29, is to begin as an associate at Citadel, a Manhattan hedge fund, in July. He graduated from the University of Virginia and is to receive an M.B.A. from Northwestern later this month.He is a son of Lynn A. Wood and David L. Wood of Liberty, Mo. The groom’s father is the vice president of Westfall GMC Truck, a dealership in Kansas City, Mo.The couple met in 2012, at their first jobs out of college, as analysts at McColl Partners, which was a small investment bank in Charlotte, N.C. As they sat down to dinner on their very first date, Ms. Ratner felt a tap on her shoulder. She turned to find that they were seated next to their boss. So even before their relationship commenced, it wasn’t a secret at work. But Mr. Wood said it was no matter. “We weren’t breaking any rules or anything,” he said.Margaret Christine Olmos and Joshua William Pollack were married June 16 at the Henlopen Acres Beach Club in Rehoboth Beach, Del. Wendy Tada, a friend of the couple who became a Universal Life minister for the event, officiated.The bride, 37, is the California State director of FosterEd at the National Center for Youth Law in Oakland, Calif. She graduated from Haverford College and received a master’s degree in comparative politics from Queen’s University in Belfast, Northern Ireland.She is the daughter of Mary Louise Frampton of Winters, Calif., and the late Mario Olmos. The bride’s mother is a professor and the director of the Aoki Center for Critical Race and Nation Studies at the University of California Davis Law School in Davis, Calif. The bride’s father was a presiding judge in the Fresno County Superior Court in California with chambers in Fresno. The bride is also a stepdaughter of Scott Williams, a civil rights lawyer and partner in the law firm Berkey Williams in Berkeley, Calif.The groom, 30, is a seventh-grade mathematics teacher at Oak Park Preparatory Academy in Sacramento. He graduated from the University of Pennsylvania and is studying for an M.B.A. at Haas School of Business at the University of California, Berkeley.He is a son of Dr. Patricia Normand and Dr. Mark Pollack of Chicago. The groom’s mother is the director of wellness and integrative health for the Road Home Program, and his father is the chairman of the psychiatry department, both at Rush University Medical Center.