FRONT PAGEA headline with an article on Saturday about President Trump’s reaction to a Justice Department inspector general report described incorrectly Mr. Trump’s trip back from Asia. He began reacting to the report after returning to the United States from a conference in Singapore, not North Korea.•The Here to Help section on Saturday included incorrect instructions for a seated half spinal twist pose in yoga. The pose requires focus and flexibility, but not the pliability of a cobra. (That’s a different pose.) Correct instructions can be found online in our Yoga for Everyone guide at nytimes.com/spotlight/guides.NATIONALAn article on Monday about Turning Point USA’s Young Women’s Leadership Summit, a conservative conference, misspelled the surname of a woman who attended the event. She is Maggie Anders, not Andrews. The article also described incorrectly the March for Our Lives. It was a demonstration against gun violence, not gun control.•An article on June 7 about a petition to rename Boston’s Faneuil Hall misstated the occupation of a tourist who was asked to comment on the proposal. Matt Birch, the tourist, is an online editor, not a social media editor.BUSINESS DAYBecause of an editing error, an article on Monday about The Colorado Sun, a publication started by former employees of The Denver Post, misidentified Ethereum. It is a virtual currency and blockchain database platform, not a company.ARTSAn article on Saturday about the playwright Ayad Akhtar misstated the given name of a theater director. She is Karin Beier, not Katrin Beier.OBITUARIESAn obituary on Saturday about the rare-book seller William Reese misstated the title of a guidebook he wrote in his final years. It is “The Best of the West: 250 Classic Works of Western Americana,” not “The Western 100.”Errors are corrected during the press run whenever possible, so some errors noted here may not have appeared in all editions.To contact the newsroom regarding correction requests, complaints or other comments about our coverage, please email nytnews@nytimes.com or call 1-844-NYT-NEWS (1-844-698-6397).Comments on editorials may be emailed to letters@nytimes.com or faxed to (212) 556-3622.