Good Monday. Want this in your inbox every morning? Sign up here. Last week — on the same day that President Trump met with Kim Jong-un, and a federal judge approved AT&T’s takeover of Time Warner — business leaders attended the Yale C.E.O. Summit at the New York Public Library, led by Jeff Sonnenfeld. What did America’s top business executives think of the day’s news?That event was strictly off the record, but DealBook has the results of a survey from it:• About 69 percent of the 107 attendees surveyed thought that the Kim-Trump meeting was overrated, because of a lack of clear targets and outcomes.• The summit meeting’s biggest winner? 59 percent said Mr. Kim. The biggest loser? 28 percent thought Mr. Trump; 27 percent thought leaders of the Group of 7.• About 80 percent of survey participants thought the AT&T decision was correct.• And 60 percent thought that the Justice Department had tried to block it for political, rather than legal, reasons.As the U.S. prepares to impose $34 billion of tariffs on Chinese goods, the global economy is under strain. Shipments through ports are slowing, raw material prices are rising and investments are being delayed. And trade groups are sounding warnings.But by one measure — stock markets — the trade fight isn’t having much impact. Peter Eavis explains:A caveat: The U.S. economy could start to slow down (though the Fed doesn’t expect it to). If it does, businesses could end up hurting more from tariffs than they expect.Elsewhere in trade: American semiconductor companies fear tariffs from both America and China. And ZTE’s near-death experience has strengthened China’s resolve to shore up its chip industry.The automaker’s C.E.O. emailed staff Friday with a strong message: Try harder. He’s trying to get his Tesla factory in Fremont, Calif., to produce 700 cars per week, a figure he promised investors earlier this month. In a message obtained by CNBC, he explained that all parts of the factory are now producing 500 cars a week, but only some teams are hitting the magical 700.What were required, he said, were “radical improvements.” How radical? To get this far, Mr. Musk explained in a tweet, Tesla had to build an entire new General Assembly line in three weeks — which currently appears to be housed in a tent-like structure.Traditionally the Cannes Lions festival has been the advertising world’s swanky trade conference. Attendees sip rosé and pat themselves on the back. But this year, they need to discuss how their business has been upended by Europe’s new privacy laws, clients demanding lower fees and greater transparency, and the continued successes of Google and Facebook.Perry Nightingale, an executive at the advertising agency Grey London, offered this take to Fast Company:Among those holding court on the Riviera is Martin Sorrell, the longtime king of Cannes who left WPP earlier this year. This year, he’ll be pitching S4, his nascent business which is supposed to be a response to challenges facing the ad industry.Festival bonuses: Play Quartz’s Cannes Bingo, where boxes include the Markle effect, Fortnite and “Netflix for X.” And Andrew is headed to Cannes tonight — he will report back.The Justice Department has issued a stark message to tech start-ups: overpromising can be a very, very bad idea. On Friday, it charged Elizabeth Holmes, the founder of the blood-testing start-up Theranos, and its former president, Ramesh Balwani, with fraud.Here’s what the Justice Department said of the indictments:The road to last week’s meeting between President Trump and Kim Jong-un in Singapore was laid by secret meetings between Secretary of State Mike Pompeo and his counterparts in Pyongyang. Gabriel Schulze, an American businessman with ties to both North Korea and to Jared Kushner, helped set things up.More on the financier from Mark Mazetti and Mark Landler of the NYT:Eric Soufer, who was communications director at the New York attorney general’s office, is headed to the venture investor Bradley Tusk. Among his new responsibilities: helping Bird, one of the biggest electric scooter sharing companies. He told DealBook in a statement: “Just like the A.G.’s office is at the vanguard of exciting new policy innovation, so is this new challenge.”Arjun Sethi, a partner at Social Capital, plans to leave the venture firm in a year’s time. He’s the third partner to head for the exits in the last 12 months. (Bloomberg)Deals• Google has invested $550 million in JD.com, China’s second-biggest e-commerce company. (CNBC)• David Neeleman, founder of JetBlue, is said to be raising $100 million to create a new lower-cost airline, Moxy. (Bloomberg)• The clothing brand Perry Ellis International agreed to sell itself to its founder, George Feldenkreis, for $437 million. (Bloomberg)Policy• Steven Mnuchin, Jared Kushner and even Rudy Giuliani are among the Trump advisers asking for a pardon for the onetime bond king Michael Milken. (Bloomberg)• Mick Mulvaney has picked a longtime lieutenant, Kathy Kraninger, to succeed him at the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau. (NYT)• The White House legislative director, Marc Short, said he plans to leave this summer. (AP)Tech• The Taiwanese electronics manufacturer Foxconn says its North American headquarters will be in Wisconsin. (Reuters)• Salesforce’s C.E.O., Marc Benioff, thinks he knows what’s wrong with Facebook. (NYT)• Mark Zuckerberg still hasn’t answered these three big questions from his Senate hearing. (Business Insider)• Live-streaming of video games is now a big business; mostly Amazon’s. (NYT)Best of the rest• Cryptocurrencies get worse as they get bigger, according to the central bankers’ central bank. (Reuters)• An in-depth look at Aramco’s efforts to transform itself ahead of what would be the world’s biggest I.P.O. (NYT)• Former Denver Post reporters and editors have created a new publication — built on blockchain. (NYT)• The investment banker Dan Alpert points out a sign of the times: Monopoly “Cheaters Edition,” where “you can get away with anything, as long as you’re not caught.” (@danielapert)